README.md, before:

# Welcome to Page Analyzer! 
An application that allows you to download an arbitrary HTML page via an HTTP request 
to your computer's hard drive and outputs statistics on the number of unique words to the console.

___
## After launching the application, you need to select the desired menu item:
1 Download HTML page statistics and save the page to your hard drive

`this will load the entered URL address, calculate the unique words, 
and save the page to the hard disk in the current folder in the /pages directory`
___
2  Show statistics in the console

`the unique words will be displayed in the console of the previously loaded page`
___
3 Save statistics to the database

`the database file will be created in the current directory and the statistics will be saved`
___
4 Display pages in database

`the pages saved in the database will be printed in the console`
___
5 Display words in database

`the unique words stored in the database will be printed in the console`
___
6 Delete page from database by ID

`after entering the ID, the page and statistics will be deleted from the database`
___
7 Exit

`exit the app`

Commit message:

Added the ability to save pages of any size.

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Page Analyzer! 
An application that allows you to download an arbitrary HTML page via an HTTP request 
to your computer's hard drive and outputs statistics on the number of unique words to the console.

___
## After launching the application, you need to select the desired menu item:
1 Download HTML page statistics and save the page to your hard drive

`this will load the entered URL address, calculate the unique words, 
and save the page to the hard disk in the current folder in the /pages directory`
___
2  Show statistics in the console

`the unique words will be displayed in the console of the previously loaded page`
___
3 Save statistics to the database

`the database file will be created in the current directory and the statistics will be saved`
___
4 Display pages in database

`the pages saved in the database will be printed in the console`
___
5 Display words in database

`the unique words stored in the database will be printed in the console`
___
6 Delete page from database by ID

`after entering the ID, the page and statistics will be deleted from the database`
___
7 Download large HTML page statistics and save the page to your hard drive

`a page of any size will be loaded, unique word statistics will be displayed 
in the console, and the page, words, and statistics will be saved in the /files directory`
___
8 Exit

`exit the app`
